# chocoloco

This script is a sad sad attempt at skirting the paid-ware fee of chocolatey. With this script I see if I can download a package, strip it, and repackage it.

I should have just paid the fee

I have spent 3 weeks on Chocolatey. I'm ready to give my opinion. It solves nothing. Chocolatey is a half-assed package manager for an Operating system that was never meant to be script friendly. I could write my own hate piece on Powershell REGEX (gawd I hate you with every ounce of my body). But this piece is about how useless Chocolatey is. The free version is great if you use just as it is, for that it works. Now, say you wish to download the application and host it from your machine to other machines (like a package repository), you can't unless you spend $600/year. I attempted to script out the parsing of the files and that is where chocolatey loses my respect. What good is a package manager if it's inconsistent? Every application is unique, every application has it's own pieced together garbage chocolateyinstall.ps1 script. This provides no hope for automated parsing of the file. Sure, I can parse 80% of the applications using 600 lines of code, but a real package manager is supposed to be consistent, and I'm supposed to achieve closer 99%. I saw chocolatey as a means of consolidating 5 different application manager software that my organization uses and with 80% results, I will be forced to maintain code that doesn't guarantee success and will require another software to fill the gap. Which is what my current infrastructure is, so why change what I have already? Nope chocolatey is not a valid solution. Windows will never have a true package manager and I'm still forced to use ITNinja for /silent arguments, then a hodge podge of batch scripts to install applications, or PDQ for pushing installs, or WSUS for windows updates. And the turd chain gets strewn along. My final github is below. I'm done trying. Waste of time. I could say I learned PS, but all I learned is PS is a crap wrapper for .net and that I might as well learn C# instead but given Window's track record...why would I ever do that? The code isn't pretty, but neither is chocolateyinstall.ps1